README.md, before:

# Interconnect

## Accomplishments

- ~~Identify the problem~~
- ~~Identify some solutions~~
- ~~Hone in the solution to one that actually makes sense~~
- ~~Figure out the roadmap forward~~
- ~~Evaluate that it is actually possible to build~~

## Current focus

- Communicate the vision effectively
- Communicate the progress effectively
- Communicate the roadmap effectively
- Communicate the values of play and experimentation
- Find a designer to finish the mockups
- Build the project to a MVP level
- Build a landing page for marketing

## Get onboard

- [Get inspired, read the pitch](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17VwfUoiK8Ew3Ej3chOynZMM1s88xbMzQYnAVaJmUwrY/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Play with our very early beta](http://bevry.github.io/interconnect/)
- [Watch our YouTube videos](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLYVl5EnzwqsTF859kXLwI1E4c6KOFnEJ9)
- [Discover our design & business resources](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B6MqiLy7C3PhNE9ha1FYVjU1d2c&usp=sharing)
- [Learn and discuss the why](https://github.com/bevry/interconnect/issues/14)
- [Contribute to the discussion](https://github.com/bevry/interconnect/issues)
- [Fiddle with the the code](https://github.com/bevry/interconnect/branches)
- [Licensed permissively with ❤](https://github.com/bevry/interconnect/blob/master/LICENSE.md)

## History

- Interconnect is being created by @bevry with the help of contributors like yourself.
- It's being lead by @balupton who's been toying with Interconnect since 2013.
- @crito was the first person to develop a working prototype of Interconnect, showing that it is possible.
- It is now developed on the `rtc.io-polymer` branch, making heavy use of web components.
- @ninabreznik provided valuable feedback indicating the social applications of Interconnect (such as browsing people's profiles).
- During January and February @myplanetdigital sponsored the development of the project and provided additional resources
  - Such as Jacques Ramphal who did the amazing v1 and v2 design mockups
  - And Peter Last who provided the competive analysis for ambient telepresence solutions
- We are now looking for further funding and more people to help implement the vision

Commit message:

Added note of the evolution of the idea

README.md, after:

# Interconnect

## Accomplishments

- ~~Identify the problem~~
- ~~Identify some solutions~~
- ~~Hone in the solution to one that actually makes sense~~
- ~~Figure out the roadmap forward~~
- ~~Evaluate that it is actually possible to build~~

## Current focus

- Communicate the vision effectively
- Communicate the progress effectively
- Communicate the roadmap effectively
- Communicate the values of play and experimentation
- Find a designer to finish the mockups
- Build the project to a MVP level
- Build a landing page for marketing

## Get onboard

- [Get inspired, read the pitch](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17VwfUoiK8Ew3Ej3chOynZMM1s88xbMzQYnAVaJmUwrY/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Play with our very early beta](http://bevry.github.io/interconnect/)
- [Watch our YouTube videos](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLYVl5EnzwqsTF859kXLwI1E4c6KOFnEJ9)
- [Discover our design & business resources](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B6MqiLy7C3PhNE9ha1FYVjU1d2c&usp=sharing)
- [Learn and discuss the why](https://github.com/bevry/interconnect/issues/14)
- [Contribute to the discussion](https://github.com/bevry/interconnect/issues)
- [Fiddle with the the code](https://github.com/bevry/interconnect/branches)
- [Licensed permissively with ❤](https://github.com/bevry/interconnect/blob/master/LICENSE.md)

## History

- Interconnect is being created by @bevry with the help of contributors like yourself
- It's being lead by @balupton who's been toying with Interconnect since 2013
- The idea originally started as a open-source sqwiggle clone but has now evolved into its own product
- @crito was the first person to develop a working prototype of Interconnect, showing that it is possible.
- It is now developed on the `rtc.io-polymer` branch, making heavy use of web components
- @ninabreznik provided valuable feedback indicating the social applications of Interconnect (such as browsing people's profiles)
- During January and February @myplanetdigital sponsored the development of the project and provided additional resources
  - Such as Jacques Ramphal who did the amazing v1 and v2 design mockups
  - And Peter Last who provided the competive analysis for ambient telepresence solutions
- We are now looking for further funding and more people to help implement the vision
